This file will outline the necessary steps to run the POMCP based multiround trustgame,
 estimation ("IPOMCP"), classifying subjects by guilt parameter, depth of planning 
and theory of mind level.

Prerequesites:
1.The code requires the inclusion of the boost C++ libraries in a recent (> 1.33) version.
2. The present iteration is intended for MSVC++ compilers and has been built with SDK7.1
 in 64 bit.
3.Is intended to be used in conjunction with Matlab, to prepare data and evaluate outcomes

Steps:
1.First build & run the "Trust Precalculation" project. 

-This will generate a 2.3 GB large
 file that contains the precalculated Level 0 investor action values, to make those 
instantly available for the other programm parts. A copy of this file needs to be included 
in the build directories of the other projects. This dependency will be removed in the 
next iteration.

2. Next move to the "Trust Generative" project:

2.1 Run the GenerateValidationInput File to create a small (~10) sample of subject parameters. 
Valid parameterranges are noted in the input messages.

2.2 Build the "Trust Generative" project from the contained C++ files. Include the 
precalculated level 0 investor values in the directory.

2.3 Run the Project and use the .bin file generated by GenerateValidationInput to convey your
 parameters of interest to the estimation procedure

3. Now move to the "Trust Estimation" project:

3.1 Build the Trust Estimation project from the contained C++ files. Include the precalculated
 level 0 investor values in the directory.

3.2 Run the estimation and use the .bin file from the Trust Generative project as input. This 
will take roughly 2 hours per subject/

3.2 Use the output .bin file together with ReadEstimationInput in Matlab to read out the 
results. Be aware that certain parameter combinations will not be independent (planning 0 
always implies level 0, for the trustee also the converse holds, for instance).

4.If interested you can also build the "Trust Accuracy" project. This will allow you to 
either generate estimated accuracies for different path numbers for a given planning 
horizon (discrepancy table) or produce a close to converged model investor for each 
planning horizon (warning: run time about 5 days due to the long planning horizons).

-NOTE: Remember to include the precalculated level 0 investor values for the accuracy project
 as well.
